fix(datastore): selective sync edit (#2671)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/datastore/fragments/js/sync/50-selectiveSync.md

## Selectively syncing a subset of your data

> By default, DataStore persists the entire contents of your cloud data source to the local store. 

Reviewer: The impact to local storage is important. However, we probably want more emphasis on the _network consumption_ ramifications, e.g., include some word like "download":

```suggestion
By default, DataStore downloads the entire contents of your cloud data source to your local device.
```

The max number of records that will be stored is configurable [here](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/datastore/conflict/q/platform/js#example).

> You can utilize selective sync to have DataStore persist a subset of your data instead.

Reviewer 2: "...only persist"

When DataStore starts syncing, only Posts with `rating > 5` and Comments with `status === 'active'` will be synced down to the user's local store.

> <amplify-callout>

Reviewer 3: Do we want this to be a warning callout or a general one?

Author: I don't think it needs to be a warning since we handle it for the customer if they pass > 1. So it's non-breaking if they don't follow it. The one on line 95 probably makes more sense as a warning though

Developers should only specify a single `syncExpression` per model. Any subsequent expressions for the same model will be ignored.

</amplify-callout>

### Reevaluate expressions at runtime
Sync expressions get evaluated whenever DataStore starts.

> In order to have your expressions reevaluated, you can execute `DataStore.clear()` or `DataStore.stop()` followed by `DataStore.start()`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to have your expressions re-evaluated, you can execute `DataStore.clear()` or `DataStore.stop()` followed by `DataStore.start()`.
```

    })
  ]
});

async function changeSync() {
  rating = 1;
  await DataStore.stop();
  await DataStore.start();
}
```

> Upon calling `DataStore.start()` (or executing a DataStore operation, e.g., `query`, `save`, `delete`, or `observe`), DataStore will reevaluate the `syncExpressions`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upon calling `DataStore.start()` (or executing a DataStore operation, e.g., `query`, `save`, `delete`, or `observe`), DataStore will re-evaluate the `syncExpressions`. 
```

In the above case, the predicate will contain the value `1`, so all Posts with `rating > 1` will get synced down.

> Keep in mind that when calling `DataStore.stop()` the existing contents of the local store are retained. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that the existing contents of the local store is _retained_ when calling `DataStore.stop()`.
```

> Keep in mind that the existing contents of the local store is _retained_ when calling `DataStore.stop()`.

Reviewer 2: Keep in mind: `DataStore.stop()` will retain the local store's existing content. Run `DataStore.clear()` to clear the locally-stored contents.

<amplify-callout>

> If you're applying a more restrictive filter and would therefore like to clear the local records, use `DataStore.clear()` instead:

Reviewer 2: When applying a more restrictive filter, clear the local records first by running `DataStore.clear()`:

  ]
});
```
<amplify-callout warning>

> `DataStore.configure` should only by called once at the root of your file.

Reviewer 2: add parenthesis to configure. 

Root of your file? Not root of your app's lifecycle?

Author: > Not root of your app's lifecycle?

Technically, yes. Just wasn't sure how to phrase that in a way that's not confusing

```

### Advanced use case - Query instead of Scan

> You can utilize selective sync in order to have your base sync retrieve items from DynamoDB by performing a [query operation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/APIReference/API_Query.html) against a GSI. By default, the base sync will perform a scan.

Reviewer 2: You can configure selective sync to retrieve items from DynamoDB with a [query operation] against a GSI. By default,...

> You can configure selective sync to retrieve items from DynamoDB with a [query operation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/APIReference/API_Query.html) against a GSI. By default, the base sync will perform a scan. Learn about creating GSIs with the `@key` directive [here](https://docs.amplify.aws/cli/graphql-transformer/key).

Reviewer 2: reading this again, we should add one more line on why query & scan operations are different. Add it right after: "perform a scan. Query operations enable..."

> In order to do that, your `syncExpression` should return a predicate that maps to a query expression.

Reviewer 2: We need to add a sentence here about `@key` and link to the `@key` docs.

}
```

> Either of these sync expressions will result in AppSync retrieving records from DynamoDB via a query operation:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Either of these sync expressions will result in AWS AppSync retrieving records from Amazon DynamoDB via a query operation:
```

> Either of these sync expressions will result in AWS AppSync retrieving records from Amazon DynamoDB via a query operation:

Reviewer 2: Both of these*

    })
  ]
});
```

> In order to construct a query expression, you will need to return a predicate with the primary key of the GSI. You can only use the `eq` operator with this predicate.

Reviewer 2: To construct a query expression, return a predicate with the primary key of the GSI.
